AHM - Relay chain  edits (#6911)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-architecture.md

## Relay Chain

> The relay chain is the central chain of Polkadot. All validators are staked on the relay chain in DOT and validate for the relay chain. The relay chain has deliberately minimal functionality — its main purpose is block production, core scheduling, data availability, and providing shared security to the network. Its main responsibility is to coordinate the system as a whole, including parachains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relay chain is the central chain of Polkadot. All validators are staked on the relay chain in DOT and validate for the relay chain. The relay chain has deliberately minimal functionality — its primary purpose is to facilitate block production, core scheduling, data availability, and provide shared security to the rest of the network. Its main responsibility is to coordinate the system as a whole, including parachains.
```

> Other specific work is delegated to parachains, which have different implementations and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other specific work is delegated to parachains, which have their own domain-specific implementations and features.
```

> > **Note:** The relay chain does not support user-facing functionalities — accounts, balance transfers, staking, and more have been migrated to Asset Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The relay chain does not support user-facing functionalities — accounts, balance transfers, staking, and more have been migrated to Asset Hub, a system parachain.
```
